Boban this is body stool here and I'd
like to give you a long-overdue tour of
my dorm room here in Greece deck Hall
excellent
so looking down here at our beds yes I'm
a roommate you see the room is rather
tiny so I'm going to take you through a
quick panorama of what I get in here and
just show you around
so you come over here to the sink area
you see it's it's basic sink
of course you bring your own your own
soaps and whatnot your own towels like
that towel rack is provided you get a
cabinet down here the problem is here
look my knee is about right here on the
cabinet right in here so the cabinet
pretty much is right at my knee level so
I have to bend over to do anything which
is kind of problem for a 6-3 person like
myself there's another problem too but I
will get to that as we progress of
course the you know what this hello
so we have the light up here and I'm
gonna actually turn it on so you can see
a little more here that's better yeah
that's much better see you get sink Sun
actually have water savers we got lucky
we don't have one that has a water saver
on it so you get the mast and cabinet
hello again you got a medicine cabinet
here it slides open it's you know doable
with anything you need
again the white we're going to shut that
off I'm gonna get we each get an armoire
this is my roommates I'm not gonna open
it you get my TV we do have high
definition here at SLU which is rather
surprising I brought in cabinet
mini-fridge and the printer you have to
bring your own printer or you slews
printers personally I recommend you
bring your own
there's no roommates bed and his work
area down here I'm not gonna light it up
because it's out of respect for him
curtains
here's our AC unit there's our heater
you can hardly see it but see the vents
yeah that's a heater we have no control
over it so these rooms are sweltering
right now and then over here is you know
I like to turn them light over here to
real quick come on baby
of course in each workings not gonna
work well I'll the live about that's why
you always bring your own line we just
try my own right here yeah I brought
this one and I've had this thing forever
this one forever yeah there we go
see this is my desk kind of cluttered it
was worse my computer hard drives water
bottle some newspaper clippings
miscellaneous junk you get up you get a
little stamp you store your stuff a
little shelf and I'll show you why this
is a good benefit later and now it comes
on of course after I'm done with this
part so you do have a light and
sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't
just a singer wash them off this light
came back over here and we each get a
dress oh I forgot to mention that this
is mine brought the microwave a little
cluttered um there's a remote and here's
a channel guide that box papers mine got
a chair there it is Rhett nice got a
little food cart here
yes it's restock because I just came
home from Christmas break got my laundry
baskets and paper towels up there got a
little broom and dustpan over here these
are nails yeah so that's you hey nails
they just have to be small enough which
you can give your payors nails you'll be
fine now we'll open up this armoire
because this is my own so it's pretty
roomy in here like I've got towels over
here clothes pins and my laundry stuffs
in the back there got some of my shirts
hanging up some my dressier clothes some
shoes in there my hamper over there some
extra hangers before when I need them
so pretty nice tool or or we get in this
configuration with the beds by the way
is what how the room comes and it's been
really good
they do become loft it like this so
deathly I'm smacking smacks my space
because I can actually sit here in my
chair and I'll actually demonstrate for
you I'm sitting in a chair here and
there's my TV so bird's-eye view of the
TV especially ever I run Netflix route
because I have a cable I can hook to my
computer
just that one oh yeah the other high
complaint I have you'll see how the Puma
will hooked on my bed and you wonder why
let me show you this right here is about
my chin what you're seeing here in the
camera is about my chin yeah it's yeah
that's my chin this pool noodle is my
chin as you can imagine I bend down I
bend down to do something come up and
ouch every time so that's why I had the
pool noodle there's because being 6 3 is
rather difficult here at SLU least in
the dorms well when I was going to show
you the benefit of leaving your beds
loft it and in this configuration and
let me show you see I'm crawling up here
this is the cabinet right here and so I
do during the nine yeah will fan there I
will set my phone right over here and I
can access it easily so it's a really
cool thing having this bed because I can
just set something anywhere I want
everybody can do that too actually he
can set his phone over there if he wants
because besides having a light they also
have a plug-in on him which is really
really nice so that's the end of the
tour and of course there's the door look
I never had to hear that thing go off so
that's the end of tour hope you found it
informative and we're smut
this semester here at SLU with that this
is bobby stoles signing off wishing you
all a pleasant evening stay warm stay
safe and as always take care